[TASK] Streamline database tips and tricks chapter (#2522)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Database/TipsAndTricks/Index.rst

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt

..  _database-tips-and-tricks:

=======================
Various tips and tricks
=======================

*   Use :guilabel:`Find usages` of PhpStorm for examples! The source code of the
    Core is a great way to learn how specific methods of the API are used. In
    PhpStorm it is extremely helpful to right-click on a single method and list
    all method usages with :guilabel:`Find usages`. This is especially handy
    to quickly see usage examples for complex methods like :php:`join()`
    from the :ref:`query builder <database-query-builder>`.

> *   :sql:`INSERT`, :sql:`UPDATE` and :sql:`DELETE` statements are often easier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   :sql:`INSERT`, :sql:`UPDATE` and :sql:`DELETE` statements are more straighforward
```
